Add guidelines for DNS in the federated setting (#199)
wireapp/wire-docs: src/understand/federation/architecture.rst

A backend can then be discovered, given its domain, by issueing a DNS query for
the SRV record specifying the `wire-server-federator` service.

DNS Scope
~~~~~~~~~

The network scope of the SRV record (as well as that of the DNS records for
backend and infra domain), depends on the desired federation topology in the
same way as other parameters such as the availability of the CA certificate that
allows authentication of the Ingress' server certificate or the federator's
client certificate. The general rule is that the SRV entry should be "visible"
from the point of view of the desired federation partners. The exact scope
strongly depends on the network architecture of the backends involved.

SRV TTL and Caching
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After retrieving the SRV record for a given domain, the local backend caches the
`backend domain <--> infra domain` mapping for the duration indicated in the TTL
field of the record.

Due to this caching behaviour, the TTL value of the SRV record dictates at which
intervals remote backends will refresh their mapping of the local backend's
backend domain to infra domain. As a consequence a value in the order of

> magnitude of 24 hours will reduce the amount of ovearhead for remote backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
magnitude of 24 hours will reduce the amount of overhead for remote backends.
```

On the other hand in the setup phase of a backend, or when a change of infra

> domain is required, a TTL value in the magnitude of an hour allows remote

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
domain is required, a TTL value in the magnitude of a few minutes allows remote
```

I think while setting up, I would even set TTL to something like 60 seconds, if the DNS provider allows it.
